Migrate inventory host to comp (#20234)
DataDog/datadog-agent: pkg/metadata/inventories/README.md

# Content

> The current payload contains 1 sections `check_metadata`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The current payload contains 1 section: `check_metadata`.
```

Those are not guaranteed to be sent in one payload. If the final serialized payload is to big, each section is sent in a
different payload with `hostname` and `timestamp` always present. This is why some field are duplicated between section,

> like `agent_version`.

Reviewer 2: Should we update the wording here ?

> Those are not guaranteed to be sent in one payload.

> The package offers 1 methods to the agent codebase to add data to the payload about checks: `SetCheckMetadata`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The package offers a method to the Agent codebase to add data to the payload about checks: `SetCheckMetadata`.
```
